Add gitflow to edition upgrade/downgrade (#1575)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/upgrade-from-community-to-a-subscription-edition.adoc

To upgrade a Community edition of Bonita Studio and its resources (such as process diagrams, data models), follow these steps:

. xref:bonita-bpm-studio-installation.adoc[Install a Bonita  Studio] Enterprise edition.
. If you are using GIT, clone your project, it will be upgraded during the clone operation
. if you are not using GIT

> .. Export your resources from the Bonita Studio Community edition to `.bos` files. We recommend that you keep these resource files as a backup.

Reviewer: We usually talk about exporting **projects** into .bos **archives**.

```suggestion
.. Export your projects from the Bonita Studio Community edition to `.bos` archives. We recommend that you keep those archives as a backup.
```

> .. Import your resource files into the Bonita Studio in Enterprise edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Import your `.bos` archives into the Bonita Studio in Enterprise edition.
```

To downgrade an Enterprise edition of Bonita Studio and its resources (such as process diagrams, data models), follow these steps:

. xref:bonita-bpm-studio-installation.adoc[Install a Bonita  Studio] Community edition.

> . If you are using GIT, clone your project, it will be upgraded during the clone operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you are using GIT, clone your project, it will be downgraded during the clone operation
```

. if you are not using GIT

> .. Export your resources from the Bonita Studio Enterprise edition to `.bos` files. We recommend that you keep these resource files as a backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Export your projects from the Bonita Studio Enterprise edition to `.bos` archives. We recommend that you keep those archives as a backup.
```

> .. Import your resource files into the Community edition of Bonita Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Import your `.bos` archives into the Community edition of Bonita Studio.
```
